JS Guild Meeting Notes 2/12/2019

# Knowledge Sharing

How can we share knowledge on the team so no one feels like a blocker? Q has created a GH repo to keep this kind of knowledge. This repo can contain links to articles, open source libraries, our internal repos, and will be a good place to update and iterate on our best practices and toolsets on the team. The team unanimously in favor of using this repository as a source of truth and a place for conversations about how we develop on the frontend at Help Scout. 

Project-specific documentation should live in project repos. Cross-project concerns, best practices and development philosophy belongs in the new Designing Code repo

# James vs Charles proxying
- URL Mappings 
  - Map JS bundle in prod to JS bundle on local filesystem 
- Probably going to need some sort of script/tool to make this easier for the long haul

# React Charting Library

Greeters project is going to need some charts. We will want to consider a new React-based charting tool for the Reports rewrite. We need to decide on whether we want to reuse `nv.d3` charts on Greeters project and on the Reports rewrite.

# Decide on how to organize a react project for Customer List (and then for all upcoming react app within HS-app)
- Remove `containers` directory - `components` only 
- Organize by domain
- Actions / reducers 
  - Currently a single folder for each, not organized by feature/domain
  - Reducers are global
  - Unclear whether organizing reducers and actions by feature/domain is desirable or not
  - Terrence likes avoiding a folder with a dozen+ files in them like we have with actions / reducers folders
  - Will discuss further in https://github.com/helpscout/designing-code
  - Read more about Domain Driven Development

# Component ordering - standardize?
- Standardize how we order functions in components?
- `PureComponent` vs functional style
  - functional will be performant soon in React 16 latest and greatest, but probably not *yet*
  - Can discuss further

# How do we handle updating, reformatting and small fixes/improvements in PRs?
- Code style changes 
  - Separate commit?
  - Part of the rest of your commit?
1. Figure out Overcommit / Husky / CI shit
2. Lint the whole app
3. Favor making stuff better over not touching it (within reason)

# Webpack 
- https://github.com/helpscout/hs-app/pull/6277
- Measure performance, get feel for how much of an impact this will have on load times (Brett and Maxi)
- With numbers ^ in hand, get buy-in from Denny/Ops/CI 

# Guild Initiatives â†’ Sprints

We have a disconnect between the Guild Initiatives and getting that work farmed out to actual crew sprints. We discussed and our plan is to have a recurring meeting at the beginning of each dev cycle (8 weeks) just before our Sprint Planning meetings, in which the Guild will decide which tasks we want to complete during that cycle, and will delegate that work to specific crews/individuals. Those cards will be added to a column and added to the Current Iteration for specific crews. 



